Add ability to avoid group reduction operations for 64-bit arithmetic data types (#1360)
oneapi-src/oneDPL: documentation/release_notes.rst

  with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
  with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or ``-fopenmp-simd`` option instead.

> - Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment`` and ``transform_reduce`` with 64-bit types

Author: @dmitriy-sobolev, @dcbenito could you please check this text?

>   and ``std::multiplies``, ``sycl::multiplies`` operations when compiled by Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3 and newer

Reviewer: If I remember correctly, you mentioned that the issue is not limited to multiplication but can be seen with other reduction operations as well. Did I misunderstand?

Author: No, you are correct. Fixed.

  and executed on GPU devices. The macro ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION may be defined to 1

>   to void using known identity for 64-bit arithmetic data types in these cases.

Reviewer: Same here - "avoid using known identity" is a piece of internal information which does not make much sense for readers. We just need to say that defining this macro solves the problem.

Author: Fixed

  with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
  with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or ``-fopenmp-simd`` option instead.
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment`` and ``transform_reduce``
  with 64-bit data types when compiled by Intel oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2021.3 and newer
  and executed on GPU devices.
  For a workaround, define the ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION macro to 1

>   before including oneDPL header files.

Reviewer: Oops, I missed that this change is for the description in the "old" 2022.3 release, where the workaround is not available. Let's remove the last sentence; we will need to describe it in 2022.5 release notes. Sorry for confusion.

Author: Fixed.

  with ``unseq`` or ``par_unseq`` policy when compiled by Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler
  with ``-fiopenmp``, ``-fiopenmp-simd``, ``-qopenmp``, ``-qopenmp-simd`` options on Linux.
  To avoid the issue, pass ``-fopenmp`` or ``-fopenmp-simd`` option instead.

> - Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment`` and ``transform_reduce``

Reviewer 2: My suggestion (adding commas, version, and correct Intel(R) citation):

- Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment``, and ``transform_reduce`` with 64-bit data types when compiled with the Intel® oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler versions 2021.3 and newer and executed on GPU devices.

Reviewer: We do not have to put the (R) sign each time on the page, only the first time is enough, is not it? And this very trademark is already mentioned above on the page.

Reviewer 2: We should have the (R) at the first instance on each individual page. What I would do:

- Add the (R) to the first instance on the page (first bullet)
- Remove the (R) from the sixth and seventh bullet and the new entry

> - Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment`` and ``transform_reduce`` with 64-bit types
>   when compiled by Intel® C++ Compiler 2021.3 and newer and executed on GPU devices.
>   The macro ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION should define to 1 for workaround of this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Incorrect results may be produced by ``reduce``, ``reduce_by_segment`` and ``transform_reduce``
  with 64-bit data types when compiled by Intel oneAPI DPC++/C++ Compiler 2021.3 and newer
  and executed on GPU devices.
  For a workaround, define the ONEDPL_WORKAROUND_FOR_IGPU_64BIT_REDUCTION macro to 1
  before including oneDPL header files.
```
